what up food tube today DJ BBQ is
cooking up for you the all-american
classic the corndog that kind of fare
and the summer fare the carnival food
man and we're doing something different
I'm the human guinea pig and we're
setting a precedent here being the first
guys to do a recipe using cameras that
you control so we got this camera right
here we've got that camera right there
we got that camera back there what's up
y'all it's called choose your view it's
brand new and YouTube have let us play
with it first you can choose whichever
camera angle you want at the click of a
button that means you're the director so
you'll want to see it in action then
click the link on screen or in the
description box below
red huh do it anyway let's start with
the batter so we've got 150 grams of
plain flour there's one and a half
teaspoons of baking powder and 1/2 a
teaspoon of bicarb and we're gonna add
heaping teaspoon of the mix of RAD
that's really good with like kind of
pork and lamb and now we're gonna add
250 grams of cornmeal
we're gonna mix this up give it a mix
now is the turn of the eggs or if the
French say poof so I'm gonna go with the
one handed egg crack
get in there 150 milliliters of
buttermilk so that goes in in there
buttermilk come on and last but not
least we got some bear we got one of my
favorite IPAs from BrewDog it's a punk
IPA you can taste it caramels and light
cheese kind of tropical undertones and
if you guys want to check out more info
on beer and stuff just click on the
bottle because we do drinks tube as well
so I'm gonna open this guy up 3 3 need
150 milliliters of this punk IPA whoo
all right so now in goes the bird go
with about half the bottle for now we
can always add more they can't take it
away all right so the batter is looking
really good now we picked up a tip from
our friends of sorted food and they said
the best way to cover that dog is by
using a glass over the pour our batter
into the glass there we go a little bit
of spillage it's ok I'm always making a
mess so we start with our dog get these
beautiful beautiful beef and pork dogs
to my friends over Cabo Lane smoked dogs
classic kind of polish German style so
we're gonna roll the dog into the flour
at lay the batter sticks and then we're
gonna insert the dog into our batter
here we go
bom-bom-bom
we're gonna drop it into our oil oil is
rocking it 175 180 degrees Celsius
get in there here we go so let's get a
beef dog so that gets in the flour dust
it off and then you go into our
concoction
these are a bit longer than your normal
dog so we're gonna give it some help
okay then you go in there so waiting for
that thing to go golden brown so I got
our magic tongs please catch it yes dogs
they're looking really really good
look man naughty dogs all right then
we've got our hot spicy barbecue sauce
sweet and spicy and there is our corn
dog we're gonna dip it ready oh-ho oh my
god mmm
that is amazing and that right there is
a corn dog if you love corn dogs and you
love this video then please watch it
again and choose your view it's awesome
I promise click the link dude subscribe
to my channel there's a button over
there
there's food two buttons over there and
loads of information and links about the
channel down below
woo you want to celebrate this first
time we've done this right mmm catch you
guys next time